11" September 2011

Tang Hui.Xin Blk 888 Pasir Ris St 88 HO8-888 Singapore 888888 +65- 88888888 tanghuixin(a)e-
mailcom

Professor Tommy Koh School of Design and Environment National University of Singapore

Subject: Application for Master‘s Degree in Environmental Management Dear Professor Koh,

I am writing this letter so as to seek admission for the Master Degree Programme in Environmental Man-
agement, which is hosted by School of Design and Environment at the National University of Singapore.
I am currently pursuing a degree at the Faculty of Science (Life Sciences), with the option of specialising
in Environmental Biology. My passion and dedication in matters related to the environment have strongly
inﬂuenced my decision to gain admission to this graduate programme.

My main goal is to improve the condition of our environment without compromising the quality of living.
I feel that this graduate programme at the National University of Singapore is the most suitable institution
for me to achieve this goal. Although I am currently lacking in relevant skills and working experience in
the ﬁeld of Environmental Management, my degree in Life Sciences with a Specialisation in Environmen-
tal Biology provides me with the groundwork and knowledge needed for the Masters Programme. In addi-
tion, as a Student Counselor at Meridian Junior College has honed my leadership and team management
skills. This will enable me to spearhead any future research related to the environmental ﬁeld during my
course of study.

Despite my inexperience in the ﬁeld of Environmental Management, I hope that my background in Envi-
ronmental Biology, coupled with my passion in the environment, will make me a suitable candidate for
this graduate programme. For your reference, I have also attached my resume. Do contact me if you re-
quire any additional inforrnation. I hope to hear from you soon regarding my application.

Thank you for considering my application.

Sincerely,

SIGNATURE

Tang Hui.Xin

