LAWRENCE ARTHUR, RN, MS, CS, CMAC

February 28, 2002

Hiring Agent Name, Title Company Namc

Address

City, State Zip

Dear Hiring Manager.

I am writing to express my interest in the position of Case Management Director, advertised as being open
at this time with your hospital. I am a Certiﬁed Casic Management Administrator with an extensive track
record of success in the ﬁeld of medical management. My background includes experience in directing
case management, registration, business office, and utilization services. I am adept at supervising projects
and departments, and my credentials in nursing and counseling have provided me with a strong medical
knowledge as well. Now I would like to bring my more than nine years of skills and experience in this ﬁeld
to work for you.

My experience and training, together with my penchant for detail, have all served to help make me a highly
effective administrator and director. My approach to this work goes beyond departmental operations, as I
am constantly analyzing processes, developing improvements, and coordinating programs to increase de-
partment and hospital efﬁciency and service. I am able to develop and implement policies and procedures,
and am experienced in identifying areas for cost improvement. I possess well-developed training and in-
struction skills, and have been actively involved in introducing educational programs for physicians and
other healthcare professional designed to improve overall patient care while reducing time to discharge.
My analysis and data management skills are top-notch, and I am adept at preparing and delivering depart-
mental and ﬁnancial reports. In addition, my tact and people skills have helped to make me particularly ef-
fective in dealing with both the staff and the public.

The accompanying resume should serve to give you an idea not only of my past achievements but of my
potential for making a signiﬁcant contribution to your hospital.

I will call you next weck to inquire about the possibility of a meeting.

Very truly yours,

