Lewisham Pals (LEWISHAMAND GREENWICHNHS TRUST)

From:

Sent: 17 June 2015 21:50

To: Lewisham Pals (LEWISHAMAND GREENWICHNHS TRUST) Subject: A complaint regarding a
visit to Lewisham A&E Categories: Printed

Dear Lewisha PALs,

wouldlike to complain about a visit had to your A&E department on Monday the 15th of June 2015. Sorry
in advance for my language, but this really upset me.

On Monday the 15ht of June fell and knew broke something (turns out broke myelbow). So I went to Lew-
isham A&E.

came armed with a book to help me pass the waiting time Actually enjoying the fact that I am going to get
to read a book for a chance

But no... the bloody nurse sees me in 6 minutes 6 ruddy minutes all had time for was to send a text, settle
down, get my glasses out and ﬁnd the right page, and they bloody callmeinl

She then sends metc. have an X-ray and says need to sit in the x-ray waiting room. Yay, think, a waiting
room -1 will get to read my bookl

And so I don't even bother to put anything back in the bag and happily skip to the x-ray waiting area, book
in hand and glasses on top of head. sitdown and get seen within 37 seconds the B&"Gs

All done and dusted and 5 minutes later skip to the next waiting area to wait for the next nurse to see me,
By that point think I owe myself a chocolate from the vending machine but waste.5 minutes trying to make
it work (it didn't - at least there is one thing you can count on in this A&E) thensit down comfortably, happy
in the notion that surly, now... I will get at least a couple of chapters... but no

2 minutes later get to see the next nurse who is an absolutegem and is supernice, she explains everything,
gives mea sling, and a tetanus shot and sends me on my way homel

homel

bloody rubbishl I left home and came backinless than 2 hours! Seriously something must be done about
this! what is a mum to do in order to get a few hours of quiet reading in this country???! I!

Sincerely yours, A frustrated mother of 2 little boys who don't give her 21 seconds rest.

PS You Rock! 1)

