22 March 2016

Dear Cornwall Council,

My name is David Grohl, and I'm writing on behalf of the local musical group Black leaves of Envy. It has
been brought to my attention that the band is having difficulty functioning within the current noise restric-
tions placed upon them by the Cornwall Council, a maximum of 30 to 40 decibels (approximately the level
of a dishwasher at 15 meters distance).

I am an American musician of over 30 years, having played professionally with such bands as Nirvana and
Foo Fighters, just to name a few, selling over 100 million records combined. I have traveled the world since
1987 playing clubs, arenas, festivals and stadiums, many of them in the UK.

Like many musicians, started in a garage in my neighborhood. Together with friends, my adolescent years
were made better by playing music with others, Music is not only a healthy pastime, it is a wonderful, crea-
tive outlet for kids, and fosters a sense of community necessary to the emotional and social development of
any child. It is tremendously important, and helped me through those otherwise difficult years growing up in
Springﬁeld, Virginia.

For musicians that lack the resources to rehearse in professional facilities, a garage or basement is the only
place they have to develop their talent and passion, believe that it is crucial that children have a place to ex-
plore their creativity and establish a sense of self through song. The preservation of such is paramount to the
future of art and music. Without them, where would we be? As a proud father of three aspiring musicians
myself, have always made this a priority in our home, to great results,

For the sake of your local band Black leaves of Envy, and for the generations of young musicians that they
may eventually inspire, ask that you reconsider the restrictions put upon the volume of their private rehearsal
space. believe that in doing so, you will be sending a message that Cornwall is not only a home to music and
the arts, but a place that encourages children to follow their dreams in a world where anything is possible.
Thank you for your time,

David Grohl

