Board of Education

St. Vrain Valley School District RE-IJ

position and cash flows, where applicable, thereof for the year then ended in conformity
m'th accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

In accordance with Government Auditing Standards. we have also issued our report dated
October 30, 2010, on our consideration of the District’s internal control over financial
reporting and on our tests of its compliance with certain provisions of laws, regulations.
contracts, and grant agreements and other matters. Tlte purpose of that report is to
describe the scope of our testing of internal control over financial reporting and compliance
and the results of that testing. and not to provide an opinion on internal control over
financial reporting or on compliance. That report is an integral part of an audit performed
in accordance with Government Auditing Standards and should be considered in assessing
the results of our audit.

The Management’s Discussion and Analysis and budgetary comparison information, on
pages 5 through 16 auul pages 59 through 62, respectively. are not a required part of the
basic ﬁnancial statements but are supplementary information required by accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We and the other auditors
have applied certain limited procedures. which consisted principally of inquiries of
management regarding the methods of measurement and presentation of the. required
supplementary information. However, we did not audit the information and express no
opinion on it.

Our audit was conducted for the purpose of forming opinions on the financial statements
that collectively comprise the District’s basic ﬁnancial statements. The accompanying
introductory section; schedule of expenditures of federal awards as required by the US.
Ofﬁce of Management and Budget Circular A-133, Audits of States, Local Goremments,
and Non-Proﬁt Organizations; combining and individual major and non-major fund
financial statements and schedules; component unit financial statements; and the statistical
section are presented for purposes of additional analysis and are not a required part of the
basic financial statements. The schedule of expenditures of federal awards, combining and
individual major and non-major fund ﬁnancial statements and schedules. and component
unit financial statements have been subjected to the auditing procedures applied by us and
other auditors in the audit of the basic financial statements and, in our opinion, based on
our audit and the reports of other auditors, are fairly stated in all material respects in
relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole. The introductory section and
statistical section have not been subjected to the auditing procedures applied by us and the
other auditors in the audit of the basic ﬁnancial statements, and accordingly, we express no
opinion on them.

$11; 0‘4. LLC

October 30, 2010 BOND! & Co. LLC

