Guest Speaker Memo
Date: September 15, 2006 To: Prof. Reginato From: Rene Guillen (Lab Section 3)
RE: Dr. Hector Estrada's Lecture on Civil Engineering

Dr. Estrada’s lecture gave a great overview of what the civil engineering ﬁeld entitles. In his lec-
ture, Dr. Estrada talked about the many areas and opportunities the ﬁeld has to offer. He explained that
civil engineers work in diverse areas. Some of the areas he listed were: Construction Engineering, En-
vironmental Engineering, Structural Engineering, Water Resources Engineering, Geotechnical Engi-
neering, and Transportation Engineering. All of which are available to students enrolled in the Univer-
sity of the Paciﬁc. Dr. Estrada explained that the Civil Engineering curriculum required 135 units to
graduate with a heavy dose of math and science courses built into the course program.

Dr. Estrada also listed some of the differences between Civil Engineering and other disciplines.
One of these differences is the magnitude of the projects Civil Engineers work on. They work on big
complexes many times. Dr. Estrada also stated that Engineers in this ﬁeld get to work outside. They
get an opportunity to work out in the great outdoors. The third difference he mentioned was that of
being a licensed professional. He stated that Civil Engineers needed to have a professional license. He
explained that in order to attain your license you had to complete a four step process. The ﬁrst step was
to graduate from an institution that had its Engineering program accredited by the ABET. The second
step was to pass the fundamentals of Engineering exam or the “FE. You then have to complete a two
year training program were your supervised by a licensed Engineer. After that, you simply complete
your application by requesting things like letters of reference and submitting your application.

The part of the lecture I found to be most interesting was when Dr. Estrada talked about the diverse
areas of specialty the Civil Engineering ﬁeld covers. His discussion on Construction Engineering and
Structural Engineering in especially I found to be very interesting. I am currently pursuing my Bache-
lors degree in Civil Engineering and was contemplating the idea of maybe pursuing even higher edu-
cation like my Masters degree in one of these areas of specialty. His description of what the areas enti-
tle was very enlightening. His lecture helped clear up some of the doubts I had about the respected
ﬁelds. With this new found information I can now move forward with my career objectives and when
the time comes can make a better decision on whether or not to pursue a higher level of education.

