The Center fora New American St Stanley Security se Foundation

TO: The President-Elects National Security Transition

FROM: David Shorr, The Stanley Foundation

Vikram Singh, Center for a New American Security RE: A Uniﬁed International Affairs and Nation—
al Security Budget to Increase

American Effectiveness Worldwide

The Center for a New American Security (CNAS) and Stanley Foundation recently concluded an
eight-month initiative focused on the anemic condition of the United States' civilian international af-
fairs agencies. There is nearly universal support among national security professionals for serious
action to remedy this condition. Defense Secretary Gates continues to call for more resources for the
civilian elements of national power and the Project on National Security Reform is expected to rec-
ommend a doubling of State Department and USAID funding and a minimum manpower increase
of 50%. Yet this widely recognized need for stronger civilian agencies has not been paired with the
political will to mandate and underwrite them.94% of supplemental funding for the wars in Iraq and
Afghanistan has been for the Department of Defense.

The essence of the problem is inadequate financial and human resources to sustain US political in-
ﬂuence in a fast-changing world. Just when US relations with the rest of the world are in a deep
slump, our capacity to turn things around remains at historic lows. America needs foreign policy in-
frastructure investment, and not just for special initiatives or boutique programs.

The complete findings of the CNAS-Stanley project are in four reports available at http://www.stan—
leyfoundationorg/articles.cfm?ID=492. This memo, however, proposes a single major policy initia-
tive to give immediate impetus and lay the foundation for the rebuilding of America's international
affairs capabilities. The President-elect should require his new national security and budget teams to
prepare a joint FY2010 international affairs and national security budget.

The Obama Administration will, and should, consider specific measures to redress organizational
weaknesses in the US governments foreign policy apparatus, particularly post-conﬂict reconstruc-
tion, long-term economic development, and public diplomacy. It is critical to recognize, though, that
these are all symptoms of a systemic civilian capacity deﬁcit. Since this is a matter of the overall ef-
fectiveness of US foreign policy, the push for budgeting across interagency stovepipes must come
from the top. In other words, whatever other reforms are undertaken, a presidential mandate for a
joint FY2010 budget is vitally important to initiate the process of rebuilding organizational infra-
structure.

The joint budget for international affairs and national security-starting with the combining of the 050
and 150 budget functions for FY2010 and expanding in subsequent years—would at first be a tool
to force cross-department balancing. Without mandating changes in normal budget processes within
agencies, an integrated White House review will promote collaboration across overlapping budget
areas. It will drive:

0 Substantial investment in strengthening the State Department and USAID, to bolster their over-
stretched headquarters bureaus and overseas missions.

