FDG

Federal Deposit insurance Corporation Deputy to the Chairman and 80117th St NW
Washington DC.20434 Chief Opearing Officer

June 20, 2005

MEMORANDUM TO: Stephen M. Beard Deputy Assistant Inspector General for
Audits

FROM: John F. Bovena G.S’s NEE ecdc‘ilwi

Deputy to the Chairman and

Chief Operating Officer Fred S. Selby, Direct I.Y eM Division of Finance

SUBJECT: Draft Evaluation Report Entitled, Inside Board Member and Executive
Management Travel Assignment Number 2004-066

We appreciate the evaluation and recommendations by the OIG and fully
agree that our Board members and Executive Managers have heightened Visibility
as corporate leaders. As such, their compliance with travel policies and procedures
is important for avoiding a negative public perception that travel Violations might
engender. We also agree that the FDIC must control cost and that setting a good ex-
ample demonstrates prudent stewardship to non-executive employees,

We observed, however, that the OIG evaluation was limited to a judgmental sample
of 25 vouchers representing two inside Board members and ten executive managers
based on the most frequent travelers and the largest claim amounts during the 27-month
review period. We do not believe that this limited sample, in any way, forms the basis
upon which a reader of the report could extrapolate the ﬁndings noted in this report to
the entire population of Board member and Executive Manager travel.

Additionally, the judgmental sample only reviewed five vouchers that had been au-
dited by the Disbursement Operations Unit (DOU) audit staff (four inside Board mem-
bers and one EM) although 116EM vouchers were audited during the period of this eval-
uation. The DOU audit staff reviewed vouchers in the judgmental sample by the OIG
and noted exceptions on many of these claims along the lines of lodging amounts ex-
ceeding authorized amounts, excessive business calls, improper claims for foreign lodg-
ing taxes, missing receipts, and needed rental car justifications. However, since some of
the vouchers were over two years old at the time the audit began, DOF's decision was
that the DOU staff would not go back to the travelers and seek missing documents or ex-
planations of excessive lodging claims. The OIG evaluation notes that excessive lodging
claims are often due to hotel conference rates and had the DOU audit staff sought expla—
nations from the travelers, we believe they would state precisely that, which would be an
acceptable explanation to the audit staff

