ATENEO DE MANILA UNIVERSITY
Ofﬁce of the President
20 April 2013 Memorandum
The Ateneo de Manila University Community
Subject : K-12 Reform - Ateneo Junior High School (AJHS)
I am pleased to inform everyone that we have been taking signiﬁcant steps toward the K-12 refor-
mat the Ateneo de Manila. Building on extensive work and consultation done by various commit-
tees, revisions in the Basic Education curriculum have been made and the Enhanced Curriculum
will begin to be implemented this coming school year 2013-2014 along with necessary changes in
the time allotments for the different subject areas to support the implementation of the curriculum.
The implementation of the Enhanced Curriculum requires special attention to Grades 7 and 8 during
the transition years. A Transition Management Team for Grades 7 and 8 has been appointed to serve
as the leadership and management team for these levels during the crucial transition years, which is
envisaged to last for a maximum of three years.
After due consultation with the Basic Education Committee of the Board of Trustees, am
approving the proposal to refer to Grades 7 and 8 as Ateneo Junior High School. This proposal was
made by the Basic Education Steering Committee, the body tasked to supervise the K- 12
reform for the Ateneo de Manila. This designation is consistent with the plan to move eventually to-
wards a 6-year high school formation program for our students.
This coming school year, basic education at the Ateneo de Manila will thus consist of the Primary
School (Grades 1 t0 4, Middle School (Grades 5 and 6), Junior High School (Grades 7
and 8), and High School (1st year to 4th year). These 'cuts are by no means carved instone and a
ﬁrmer determination of these transition points will require further study. The study of the
'cuts will begin this coming school year and interventions will be implemented during the transition
years as necessary.
Let us continue to reﬂect together on the best possible K-12 conﬁguration for the Ateneo de Manila
and for our country as well. In all this, may we be animated always by the greater thing to do, the
magis, the offering of greater worth,
ad maj orem Dei gloriam,
Jose Ramon TVillarin SJ President

