Fﬂdere Highway Antri SENT WIAELECTRONIC MAIL Subject: INFORMATION: Eligibility of
HSIP Funds Date: July 14, 2006

for Safety Engineering Assistance to Locals

original signed by From: Jeffrey A. Lindley Jeffrey A. Lindley

Associate Administrator for Reply to - - - - Attil, of HSA—20 Safety Associate Administrator for
Safety HSA-30

Washington, DC

To: Division Administrators

Local agencies own and operate over three quarters of the Nation's public roadways. Over 60 percent of fa-
talities occur on rural roads (79 percent of which are owned by local agencies) even though they carry less
then 40 percent of the WMT. In order to achieve meaningful safety results, we as a Nation need to improve
safety on local roadways.

The Local Technical Assistance Program (LTAP) Works with local highway jurisdictions, providing techni-
cal assistance and training. Currently the LTAP Centers provide more than 4,000 training events to over
115,000 participants annually, and a number of Centers currently have safety programs. Last year, the
FHWA office of Safety identiﬁed an opportunity to support an expanded role for safety services through
LTAP Centers by funding four "Safety Circuit Rider’ positions at three LTAP Centers and one Tribal Techni-
cal Assistance Program (TTAP) Center, with assistance from Federal Lands. These positions provide assis-
tance in advancing safety through training, technical support, and other activities that will reduce roadway
fatalities and injuries. This program has been continued for the three LTAP Centers this year and some
States are initiating their own programs.

The SAFETEA-LU emphasis on using a data-driven approach to improve safety on all public roads may
lead States to conclude that expanding or beginning similar safety programs for local roads is an excellent
strategy for improving safety statewide. Engineering services have always been eligible as part of a Feder-
al-aid project under the broad Title 23 deﬁnitions of construction and project, and Section 112 of Title 23
allows the State to contract for these design engineering services. Engineering assistance programs for local
roads was an eligible expense under the previous HSIP program, and remains eligible under the new core
HSIP program.

As your State moves forward in developing and implementing a Strategic Highway Safety Plan that identi-
ﬁes speciﬁc strategies to improve safety on all public roads, we encourage you to

