SECRETARY OF THE ARMY WAshington

1 8 OCT 2013

MEMORANDUMFORSEEDISTRIBUTION

SUBJECT: Standardization of Equal Opportunity Training within the Army

1. On several occasions over the past few months, media accounts have highlighted instances of Army in-
structors supplementing programs of instruction and including information or material that is inaccurate,
objectionable and otherwise inconsistent with current Army policy. For example, in two recent high-proﬁle
cases, Anny instructors found information on the website of a particular special interest group that identified
certain groups as "extremist" in nature, and presented that information as part of their instruction. The
groups identiﬁed in the instruction were not "extremist" organizations as that term is

deﬁned in Army Regulation 600-20.

2. Given these recent developments, it is clear that we must act to standardize such

programs of instruction and training plans to ensure consistency with Army policy. Accordingly, 1 direct the
following actions be completed no later than 13 December 2013:

a. The Deputy Chief of Staff (DC S), G-l, in Coordination with the Acting Assistant Secretary of the Army
(Manpower and Reserve Affairs), shall:

(1) Develop a standardized Army program of instruction and training plan covering equal opportunity gen-
erally, and including a discussion of Army policy on participation in extremist organizations and activities
as reﬂected in AR600-20;

(2) Coordinate the standardized Army program of instruction and training plan with the DCS, G-2, DCS,
3/57; Provost Marshal General; and Chief of Chaplains to ensure consistency with other Anny training cov-
ering such issues as human relations, insider

threat, force protection, harassment and religious accommodation;

(3) Promulgate and disseminate the standardized program of instruction and training plan for use by all
Army commands and organizations. Local use of the standardized program may explain how and where
Soldiers may bring complaints or Concerns, but otherwise the program of instruction shall be presented ex-
actly as disseminated and may not otherwise deviate from the standardized program. Commanders and su-
pervisors will coordinate the delivery of the instruction and the content of same, in advance of presentation,
with the servicing Staff Judge Advocate or legal

adviser.

