Dear Colleagues

As you know, in February, we discovered a signiﬁcant fraud in the Pemex accounts receivable sup-
plier ﬁnancing program. Since that discovery, we have been proceeding aggressively on several
fronts:

First, we conducted a rapid review of accounts receivable ﬁnancing programs globally. We
concluded that none had issues similar to the Pemex supplier program, and we continue to believe
this was an isolated incident. Second, we are reviewing our controls and processes in Mexico and
are strengthening any area wethink falls short of our global standards and best

practices.

Third, we have been conducting a rigorous internal investigation, supported by external counsel, to
determine how the fraud occurred, have committed to you that we would hold accountable anyone
who perpetrated the crime. We are sharing information with our regulators and law enforcement
agencies, which will make any determinations as to criminalliability for the fraud. We've previous-
ly said that we terminated one employee, who we believe was directly involved in the fraud. We
also said we would hold accountable any employee who enabled it, whether through lax supervi-
sion, circumvention of our controls, violations of our Code of Conduct, or otherwise

While our internal investigation is ongoing, we have unfortunately identiﬁed additional employees
across business and functional lines whose actions or inactions failed to protect our company from
this fraud. As a result, these 11 employees have been terminated. While their roles, responsibilities
and levels of seniority vary, they include four Managing Directors, two of whom are business
heads in Mexico. Additionally, before our investigation concludes, we expect that several other em-
ployees, both inside and outside of Mexico, may receive forms of disciplinary action as well.

The ﬁnancial impact of this fraud has been signiﬁcant, causing a reduction of our 2013 net income
and increasing our credit costs for the ﬁrst quarter of 2014. But as said to you in February, the
impact to our credibility is harder to calculate, Arguably, it is more damaging than the ﬁnancial
costs, expect every one of our colleagues to act with the highest ethical standards and be fully com-
mitted to the safety and soundness of our institution.

While the last few months have been difﬁcult, Banamex is an institution with a rich, 130-year his-
tory of providing exceptional banking services to its clients. Since becoming part of Citi in 2001, it
has contributed signiﬁcantly to our net income and is an integral part of our global network and a
source of great pride for our franchise. I look forward to spending time with our

colleagues in Mexico this week to express my support for their hard work and to encourage them to
remain focused on our clients and our mission

Thank you for your continued focus on serving all our stakeholders.

- Mike

