Memorandum

To: PLS 595 Capstone Seminar in Public Administration From: Mark T. Imperial Date:
August 23, 2005

Re: Format of Case Memos

In order to help develop your analytical and communication skills, we will conduct a
series of case analyses this semester. Case analysis means that you draw out the perti-
nent issues from a case. It does not mean you rehash the facts of the case or simply
summarize what has occurred. Instead, your job is to identify and point out the signiﬁ-
cant issues, some of which will be implicit rather than explicit, and their linkages with
broader management and policy issues. The readings and class discussions should
assist you in this regard. Facts and examples from the case or readings should be used
to support your analysis and conclusions. This does not mean that you should cite as
many sources from class materials as possible. Instead, referring to the main idea will
often be sufﬁcient.

It helps if you follow a fairly ﬁxed pattern when preparing memos and it is often useful
to summarize the main issues and recommended course of action in the ﬁrst few para-
graphs (it isn't a mystery novel). A useful structure (subject, of course, to variation and
adaptation when appropriate) for these assignments is to:

State the issue/problem as clearly as possible: Trying to state the issue or problem as a
one-sentence question or statement is a useful habit to get into. When necessary, this
can be followed by a brief explanation or clariﬁcation (no more than a paragraph or
two). If more than one issue is presented, use bullets to summarize and then explain in
more detail in subsequent paragraphs. If extensive background is required, use an at-
tachment;

Major issues that must be addressed or solved: Many times signiﬁcant issues will be
implicit rather than explicit and are linked to larger policy and management issues. Part
of your task is to point out the signiﬁcance of the larger issues.

Identify relevant alternative courses of action that participants could take or could have
taken: There are always at least two options (taking no action is always an alternative).
Limit the number of options, but be sure to cover the ﬁill range of choices;

Evaluate the alternatives: Be sure to critique the relative strengths and weaknesses of
each option make a balanced presentation even if you disagree with the arguments ad-
vanced by one of the actors; and,

