Nick Wasserman is the Head salesman for Pinnacle Technology Group Inc. Nick went to the Uni-
versity of Toledo and double majored in Marketing and Professional sales. He graduated 2 years
ago and is now Working on his MBA to enhance his resume to gain more credibility in the Work-
place. He has been in the company for over 11 years. He started out as a janitor then moved his way
up the ladder to where he is now he will be taking over the company that has been in his family for
over thirty years. His dad is the President of the company, but he didn't give Nick any special treat-
ment since he made him start at the bottom of the ladder to get the employees respect. In order for
him to get a raise his dad made him do a PowerPoint that consisted of thirty slides and present it at
the company's picnic and employees voted on if he got a raise. Nick has a lot of responsibility that
he is entitled to as head of sales for a company of this size. He does all the hiring for his department
because the more money his workers bring to the company the more money Nick brings in also.
The President of Pinnacle leaves this decision up to him because he knows that Nick will get the
best salesman for the job since it beneﬁts him directly. Nick's job is salary based and Commission
based at the same time. Being the head of sales he also makes a percent on all sales in the Company
as a whole. His main job is

Contacting people and other Companies to buy their products because they need to have jobs lined
up for them to do. He says he does a lot of business to business

sales meaning that he would contact another Company and ask if they want circuit bored or any
product for their business. They also do a lot of business to consumer sales meaning that he would
sell medical training gear to consumers. They mainly do Business to Business sales and the main
way they get the sales is by going to medical conventions and putting up a stand and trying to sell
their product to Company owners that Walk by. Nick said his favorite part of his job is when he has
a big sale that can go either way and he has to perform at a high level.

Rick Wasserman is the President of Pinnacle Technology Group Inc. He graduated from the Univer-
sity of Toledo in 1979 with a degree in business management he also played football for Toledo and
started for two years. Growing up he was apart of a family with 12 brothers and only one sister in a
small 4 bedroom house. They didn't have a lot of money but Rick said that is was what gave him the
drive in life to make his Own Company and do good for his family SOthey never have to Worry
about

money. All he wanted them to worry about was school and being the best person

