they can be. He started Pinnacle up as a Companythirty years ago and never thought it would get
this big. He has spent countless hours at Work being the ﬁrst

person in and the last person to leave because he says he needs to be there longer than everyone be-
cause everyone counts on him. He had too many job responsibilities that he couldn't name them off
on top of his head so he just gave me a couple. His biggest job is making sure that the Company is
always in the black, making a proﬁt, and not in the red and the company losing money. Mr. Wasser-
man

said the hardest thing to do as a company owner is to layoff someone because they didn't do a good
enough job for them to stay on the workforce. Another job is to over

look everyone and make sure they are doing the job that he hired them to do. He

said he trusts everyone and the last thing that he wants to do is stand over their shoulder and annoy
them and make them perform badly. The way to get them to do their job without the President
standing over their shoulder is by giving them incentives. He does this by giving them extra money,
Fridays off, or a gift from the company if the company hits the numbers that he expects them to get.
They do it on a monthly basis and last year they got it nine Out of twelve months which is a very
good ratio.

Pinnacle Technology Group, Inc was started thirty years ago by Rick Wasserman with a vision of
bringing medical training tools to their medical market. His vision changed a lot throughout the
years because of the advantage in technology and the desire and need for equipment that they pro-
duce. The company has two major sectors one being medical training equipment. They have ap-
proximately 12 different products that they sell to hospitals and colleges to help train nurses, doc-
tors, and any other medical professionals. The technology that they use for the training simulators
takes the person that is being trained into a situation that is as real as possible so they know what to
do when the real situation comes into play. Pinnacle's competitors do not put the students in a real-
istic situation and an example is how their heart rate

simulator is recording on the computer, but Pinnacle takes a real live person with the disorder so
they truly know what it sounds like and what to expect. This is where the

company got its start, but with Pinnacle producing they're product ahead of time. They have a lot of
free time so they started to manufacture electronics. Another

company would come to Pinnacle with a product that they want and they would give

it to their engineers to ﬁgure out a way to make it and produce it in the cheapest and

