BUSINESS OUTLOOK
With the return to proﬁtability in FY2016, the Group has successfully laid a foundation from which it
will execute its strategies and growth plans. Barring unforeseen circumstances, the Group will
continue to be profitable in FY2017, continuing the improvements achieved in FY2016. The Group
sees opportunities in foodservice or institutional accounts and e-commerce, and will be accelerating
its business development in these channels.
Del Monte Foods, Inc (DMFI) is expected to be profitable in financial year 2017 largely on the back
of cost saving initiatives and operational improvements. DMFl’s Sager Creek business experienced
manufacturing issues in FY2016 which impacted the overall US company‘s margins. DMFI‘s
manufacturing team has already addressed these inefficiencies at Sager Creek, closing one of the
two manufacturing plants and integrating DMFI best practices into the other.
In the short—to—mid term, DMFI also plans to improve its financial performance through procurement
synergies and transformation, and optimisation of G&A costs through the restructuring initiative
which started in FY2016. The Group has shifted to a leaner organisation model in the US to drive
channel growth and bring down costs in line with competition.
In terms of revenue building, DMFI will increasingly offer differentiated value propositions through
meaningful product improvements, marketing campaigns, and innovation as well as effectively
manage pricing fundamentals and executing well at retail.
DMFl’s products align well with the ongoing consumer trend for health and wellness as well as
emerging consumer concerns about food ingredient and packaging safety. There is latent market
demand to consume more fruits and vegetables, and DMFl‘s product line provides healthy and
convenient solutions to address this. It has also made important strides to address emerging
concerns, including GMO and BPA. The key is to continuously improve products to meet ever
evolving consumer trends and concerns and be able to clearly communicate the new product
attributes.
For its strong brands with significant scale, there is tremendous opportunity in the better-for-you
eating trend and the Group believes that it is well positioned to grow long-term with this trend.
The Group will continue to expand its existing branded business in Asia, through the Del Monte
brand in the Philippines, where it is a dominant market leader. S&W, both packaged and fresh, will
continue to gain more traction as it leverages its distribution expansion in Asia and the Middle East,
while the Group’s joint venture in India will continue to generate higher sales and maintain its
positive EBITDA.
In the Philippines, the Group will be sustaining prior years‘ successful programmes aimed at driving
user base expansion, generating more frequent consumption, building new usage occasions, and
innovation meant to expand the brand’s footprint into new consumer segments. In addition, the
Group expects to take full advantage of the growing foodservice industry by forging strategic tie-ups
with key foodservice accounts, particularly on beverage expansion and culinary meal inclusion.
The Group expects the S&W business to sustain its strong growth as it expands distribution,
partners with foodsen/ice companies, explores the e-commerce channel, and increase its beverage
portfolio in its markets.
The focus for Del Monte in India in the near term will be on increasing the penetration and reach of
each of its key categories in India in retail, led by the culinary segment — bothmayonnaise and
ketchup — and the Italian range. As one of the most widely distributed brands in the BZB space,
FieldFresh will also continue to leverage its considerable strength in the foodservice segment by
regular introduction of new products.
As part of the Group‘s deleveraging plan, DMPL intends to issue US dollar denominated perpetual
preference shares in 2016 in the Philippine capital market, to be listed on the Philippine Stock
Exchange (PSE), subject to all regulatory approvals and market conditions. The Company has
received pre-effective approval from the Philippine SEC earlier and is awaiting the approval of its
listing application and the offering from the PSE and the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (Central
25

