SGV SyCip Gorres Velayo & Co. Tel: (632) 891 0307 BONPRC Reg. No. 0001,
6760 Ayala Avenue Fax: (632) 819 0872 December 14. 2015. valid until December 31, 2018
A . 1226 Makati City ey.com/ph SEC Accreditation No. 0012-FR-4 (Group A).
Buttdinq a better Philippines November 10, 2015. valid until November 9, 2018
working wortd

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
The Stockholders and the Board of Directors
Del Monte Pacific Limited
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Del Monte Pacific Limited
and Subsidiaries (the Group) and the separate financial statements of Del Monte Paciﬁc Limited
(the Company), which comprise the statements of financial position as at 30 April 2016, and the
income statements, statements of comprehensive income, statements of changes in equity and
statements of cash ﬂows for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies
and other explanatory information.
Management’s Responsibility for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, and for such internal control as
management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We
conducted our audit in accordance with Philippine Standards on Auditing. Those standards require
that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditors‘ judgment, including
the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud
or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the
Group‘s preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the
appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our audit opinion.

