Blk 165A Punggol Central 414-151

Singapore 821165

68759176 (home)

98148568 (handphonc)

wuhokai@singnet.com.sg

Shaiali Shaaban

Education Outreach Ofﬁcer

Wildlife Reserves Singapore

80 Mandai lake Road

Singapore 729826

February 09. 2012

Dear Ms Shaaban.

I am writing to express my interest in an internship opportunity with Singapore Zoo. Wildlife
Reserves Singapore (WRS) is a well known brand name in Singapore and the region, for most
locals and tourists are sure to visit .lurong Bird Park, Night Safari or Singapore Zoo at least once in
their lifetime. I discovered this internship opening while surﬁng through your company's website.
whereby I was deeply impressed by WRS‘s numerous accolades, various pioneering initiatives and
uulstanding reputation.

I am currently in my second year or study at NUS. pursuing a bachelor's degree in life Sciences
with specialization In Environmental Biology. My fascination with nature an wildlife stem from
young, and I have been actively taking part in environmental-related activities to broaden my
experiences outside the classroom, such as by becoming a museum and nature guide with the
Rafﬂes Museum of Biodiversity and Research. In addition. I am very passionate about educating
and inspiring the younger generation. as can be seen from my extensive teaching and tutoring
experiences. I believe that WRS‘s commitment to wildlife conservation and education outreach
would be a perfect fit for my interests.

I am confident that the skills in presentation. planning and titneemanagcnient I have developed
through my work and volunteer stints, as well as iii-depth biological knowledge, would put me in
good stead to aid your company in conservation and research programs, Conversely, WRS‘s
extensive background in regional conservation and innovative edutourisin approach would provide
me with invalua le learning opportunities. I believe that I have what it takes succeed in WRS s
exciting and motivated environment, and that my strong work ethic, passion and eagerness to learn
would be a valuable asset to your company.

Thank you ['or your consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon!

Yours Sincerely,

Wu Rokai

