Dall Actrvr Narrative re - ort
Day I Date Speciﬁc Activity! Assigned Task
Day 3: I present the assignment to Sir Ralph. our immediate supervisor. I did
the presentation using the Microsoft PowerPoint. I make the actual setup
April 30, 2014 using the network shared environment and using a peer-to-peer
environment. I construct a network with intemet using static dynamic
Internet Protocol (IP). Then. I create an imaginary ideal setup for Prime
Campus Link
Day 4; I was assigned by Sir Lloyd, our IT manager and On-site Supervisor, to
construct a blueprint of one of the school in Quezon City that is needed for
May 2, 2014 their on-site setup of cabling and networking. He gave me the sketch and
measurements of the structure. and length of the cable that is going to use.
I use my editing skills and what I've Ieamed in AutoCAD. Thanks to Engr.
Melody Jimenez. I remember she taught the AutoCAD as a software
application for ZD and 3D computer-aided design (CAD) and drafting.
Day 5; I continued working on my design and construction of the blueprint. I made
some enhancements and ﬁnishing touches on my work. I was corrected by
May 5' 2014 the Sir Lloyd every time I commit a mistake and he did also some
suggestion to the design. On this day. I ﬁnished my assignment and import
the image to AutoCAD.
Day 6: l was assigned by Sir Alex. our technical staff. to troubleshoot the
problem of the computer. The main problem is the computer turns on but
May 6, 2014 there's no display on monitor. I thought that this is a hardware problem. I
borrow a screw driver and started to unscrew the system unit and
disassemble it. I found out that there's some dust particles have built up
inside the system unit. I shut down the computer so that I prevent to get
electrocuted. I look for the Random Access Memory (RAM) I main
memory and remove it. I clean the pins of the RAM using an ordinary
eraser and thinking that it has dirt on it. I place it back on its original slot
and I turn on the computer. The computer turns on but again it has no
,. , display. Again, I turn off the computer and remove the RAM and place it on
the different memory slot. Then. I turn on the computer and at last I was
ﬁxed and it has display on the monitor screen. After this assignment, I
' M95899“ continued my designing project handled by Sir Lloyd.

