Dally ActIVIty Narrative report
Day I Date Speciﬁc Activity] Assigned Task
Day 7; I and Joshua Bajana are assigned by Sir Lloyd to verify the ID and test it
whether it was good or defective. The ID is a white ﬂexible card made of
May 7, 2014 Poly vinyl chloride (PVC). We test using a laptop and a device called Radio
Frequency Identiﬁcation (RFID). The RFID has a beeping sound if the
PVC card is okay and it generates a unique registered number in the laptop.
It was a great day for me and I was really satisﬁed with my
accomplishments for this day. Despite the times that I was just sitting and
waiting for my On-site supervisor to ask us to do something. I still Ieamed
to behave and to be alert whenever they call us abruptly.
Day 8: Sir Lloyd needs my help to make a design / blueprint of Saint Anthony
Academy of Quezon City. This blueprint is going to use for their on-site
May 8. 2014 cabling setup in the mentioned school. Therefore. I was assigned to this
task. I make the top view. front and rear view of the particular part of the
school. Through the help of Mr. Lubiano. classmate in CpE. he suggests
to me to use a software / application named Edraw Max. Edraw Max is an
all-in-one diagram software that makes it simple to create professional-
looking ﬂowcharts. organizational charts. network diagrams. business
presentations. building plans. electrical engineering diagrams. directional
maps. database diagrams and more. I use the Edraw Max to complete my
work in top view of the school. Thanks to Engineer Cynthia Fuentes. I
remember she taught the isometric drawing and how to make a blueprint. _
Day 9: We. (Mr. Bajana. Mr. Lubiano and I). are entrusted and assigned to encode
the Phil Health records and information. The Philippine Health Insurance
May 9, 2014 Corporation (PhllHealth) was created to create a universal health
coverage for the Philippines. It is a tax-exempt. government-owned and
govemment-controlled corporation (GOCC) of the Philippines. and is
attached to the Department of Health. It states its goal as insuring a
sustainable national health insurance program for all.
PhilHealth comes in handy when you. as a member, or your dependents
need medical attention as it minimizes your bills if you're conﬁned in a
hospital or have availed selected health services. To get a Philhealth ID.
’ you need to enroll with PhilHealth. We encode all papers ﬁled in two long
7mm plastic envelope the whole day.

