Dally ActIVIty Narrative report
Day I Date Speciﬁc Activity! Assigned Task
Day 1 3: Together with the Information Technology (IT) staff and Technical staff.
we continued our work in on-site setup of cabling. We extend our work up
May 15, 2014 to the Administration Office of Saint Anthony Academy. We placed an
electrical pull box. It Is a junction box that is placed to make pulling in of the
wires easier.
Day 14: We continue working up to the Citizen Army Training (CAT) headquarters.
The back hallway of the Saint Anthony Academy is broad. We are having
May 16, 2014 difficulty to setup the cables and mouldings. We used ladders in able reach
the unreachable part of the walls and ceilings.
We test the RFID scanner if it's okay or not. It was connected by a straight
through cable on the same sides of the cable. The RFID scanner is wall-
mounted because it was requested by the owner of the Saint Anthony
Academy of Quezon City. We setup a monitor for its display. They use a
cable tester if the cable is UTP cable is in good condition. All the lights in
cable turns off indicates an unbroken wire. Aﬂer we tap the card in RFID
scanner. it beeps and automatically displays the information and picture of
the person on the screen.
i can say that it was not just my skills and knowledge that were being
developed during my training but also my personality as a student today
and as a future professional someday. This OJT really helped me to be
more detennlned and to be more competitive In everything that I do in life.
Day 1 5; On the fifteenth day of our OJT. i and Mr. Lublano were deployed to Kings'
Montessori School (KMS) of Quezon City. Kings' Montessori School is
May 19, 2014 located at 48 King Ferdinand St. Klngspolnt Subdivision. Novaliches.
Quezon City. It offers vertical class (Pre-primary Montessori Program).
Advanced Casa. Elementary and High school. It is one of the MIA-
accredited internship schools. In this school we setup and install a turnstile
with built in RFID scanner for ID system.
A tumstiie. also called a bafﬂe gate. is a form of gate which allows one
person to pass at a time. It can also be made so as to enforce one. and in
addition. it can restrict passage only to people with insert a coin. a ticket. a
pass. or similar. Thus a tumstiie can be used in the case of paid access
(sometimes called a fare gate when used for this purpose).
From a business/revenue standpoint. turnstiles give an accurate. verifiable
count of attendance. From a security standpoint. they lead patrons to enter
single-file. so security personnel have a clear view of each patron. This
, enables security to efﬁciently isolate potential trouble or to conﬁscate any
prohibited materials. They can. on the other hand. become a serious safety
_._..— issue when a speedy evacuation is needed.
On-ste SW

