.E,
BONDI & C0. uc

“WMMFASY m3) mezzo moon;
mm: mum mm crewman PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS (muse-91a) mm:
W MANAGEMENT commuters m
Board of Education
St. Vrain Valley School District RE-lJ
Longmont. Colorado

Independent Auditors’ Report
We have audited the accompanying ﬁnancial statements of the governmental activities. the
business-type activities, the aggregate discretely presented component units, each major fund,
and the aggregate remaining fund information of the St. Vrain Valley School District RE-lJ
(District), as of and for the year ended June 30, 2009, which collectively comprise the
District's basic ﬁnancial statements as listed in the table of contents. These ﬁnancial
statements are the responsibility of the District’s management. Our responsibility is to
express opinions on these ﬁnancial statements based on our audit. We did not audit the
ﬁnancial statements of Twin Peaks Charter Academy, Flagstaff Academy, Carbon Valley
Academy, and Imagine Charter School at Firestone discretely presented component units,
which represent 100% percent of the assets, net assets, and revenues of the District’s
discretely presented component units. Those ﬁnancial statements were audited by other
auditors whose reports thereon have been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it
relates to the amounts included for the four separately authorized charter schools is based
solely on the reports of the other auditors.
We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America and the standards applicable to ﬁnancial audits contained in
Govemmem Auditing Standards, issued by the Comptroller General of the United States.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the ﬁnancial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the ﬁnancial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and signiﬁcant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall ﬁnancial statement
presentation. We believe that our audit and the reports of other auditors provide a
reasonable basis for our opinions.
in our opinion, based on our audit and the reports of other auditors, the ﬁnancial statements
referred to previously present fairly, in all material respects, the respective ﬁnancial position
of the govemmental activities, the business-type activities. the aggregate discretely presented
component units, each major fund, and the aggregate remaining fund information of the
District, as of June 30. 2009, and the respective changes in ﬁnancial position and where
applicable, cash ﬂows, thereof for the year then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

2

