E,
BOND] & Co. as

umvnmzsmn-x LI.“ (In) ”$016 more
mam. COLODABO um crux-”.150 PUBLIC ACCOUL'A‘ANYS «m ”oven mu m:
Emu—— )MNAGEML'NI‘ CONSULT/oars W
Board of Education:

St. Vrnin Valley School District RIC-Li

Longmont, Colorado

lndqﬂdent Auditgpsieppﬂ

We have audited the accompanying ﬁnancial statements of the governmental activities, the
business-type activities. the aggregate discretely presented component units, each maior
fund, and the aggregate remaining fund information of the St. Vrain Valley School District
RlZ-lJ (District). as of and for the year ended June 30. 2010. which collectively comprise
the District’s bmic ﬁnancial statements as l'adcd in the table of contents. T fuse ﬁnancial
statements are the responsibility of the District‘s management. Our responsibility is to
express opinions on these ﬁnancial statements based on our audit. We did not audit the
financial statements of Twin Peaks Charter Academy. ﬂagstaft‘ Academy. Carbon Valley
Academy, Imagine Charter School at Firestone, and St. Vrain Community Montessori
School discretely presented component units. which represent [00% percent of the assets.
net assets. and revenues of the District's discretely presented component units. Those
ﬁnancial statements were audited by other auditors whose reports thereon have been
furnished to us. and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included for the five
separately authorized charter schools (the District’s discretely presented component units)
is based solely on the reports of the other auditors.

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America and the standards applicable to financial audits contained in
Government Auditing Standards, issued by the Comptroller General of the United States.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
abdut whether the financial statements are free of material mistatement. ‘ihe financial
statements of Twin Peaks Charter Academy. Flagstaff Academy, Carbon Valley Academy,
Imagine Charter School at Firestone, and St. Vrain Conmnmity Montessori School were
not audited in accordance with Government Auditing Standards. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures In the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and the
significant estimates made by management, as “ell as evaluating the overall ﬁnancial
statement presentation. We believe that our audit and the reports of other auditors
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

in our opinion, based on our audit and the reports of other auditors, the financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the respective financial
position of the governmental activities, the business-type activities, the aggregate discretely
presented component units, each major fund. and the aggregate remaining fund
information of the District, as of June 30, 2010, and the respective changes in financial

2

