NON-ACADEMICS:
Adolescent education workshop — 25th July:
Growing up is both and exciting and confusing concept. Children go through an upheaval
during this transition stage between childhoods to adulthood; experiencing multiple
changes within —physical, mental, social and emotional. Understanding the changes,
preparedness to face these changes, accept them and eventually become comfortable
with one’s own body was the thrust of these sessions.
Parent teacher’s meeting for VIII grade— 20th July:
First PTM for the academic year has been successfully conducted for VIII grade, Parents
from all the sections of VIII grade have participated in good number to interact with
class teacher and subject teachers.
The purpose of meeting to discuss the student’s speciﬁc strengths and weaknesses in
individual subjects and generalizing the inter—curricular skills and competences has been
greatly achieved by the tremendous co—operation from the parents and through their
valuable feedback.
CDP child development plan for VII grade - initiated on 20th July
CDP aims at bringing measurable improvement of a child’s capabilities by identifying the
target development areas and drafting related action plan to create a positive impact.
CDP facilitates a dialog between teachers, parents and the students to develop a growth
plan for the entire school life. The action plan will have activities with deﬁned ownership
and intervention points.
Primary level of CDP in identifying the target development areas has been achieved by
elongated one—one sessions by the V11 grade class teachers and their student’s parent.
Sessions have been conducted in an ad hoc basis for about 10days to discuss the focus
areas in detail.
CAS Activities:
Students from two sections of VII and VIII have visited Vivekananda public
school and Joy land High school respectively for performing CAS activities which
include teaching of academics, Art, Dance, sharing of knowledge, playing ,
interactive discussions.
Reﬂections of students aﬁer CAS:
On the 4'“ of July, we “8C” visited Joy land School for our CAS session. We had divided
ourselves into 6 groups to take care of different activities. Some of the activities were
Taekwondo, Art, Kho Kho, Cricket and Badminton. I had planned to teach them
the basics of badminton, which included how to serve, but to my surprise
they already knew it so I moved into the main game. I also along with Abrar
taught them a few kicks in the Taekwondo segment. I was very successful in
achieving my goals. They were very supportive although some of them had a
few disciplinary issues. My friend helped me a-lot. He is ﬂuent in Telugu and helped me
cross the language barrier. I developed my caring and open minded proﬁles. One of the
additional problems I solved was teaching them the basics of English. They knew a few

