Executive Summary

The Executive Summary provides a brief overview of the exercise, major strengths demonstrated

during the exercise, and areas that require improvement.
Homeland security preparedness involves a cycle of outreach, planning, capability development. train-
ing, exercising. evaluation, and improvement. Successful exercises lead to an ongoing program of
process improvements. This report is intended to assist agencies striving for preparedness excellence
by analyzing exercise results and:

0 identifying strengths to be maintained and built upon.

0 ldentifying potential areas for further improvement.

0 Recommending exercise followup actions.
The suggested actions in this report should be viewed as recommendations only. In some cases, agen-
cies may determine that the beneﬁts of implementation are insufﬁcient to outweigh the costs. In
other cases, agencies may identify altemative solutions that are more effective or efficient. Each agency
should review the recommendations and determine the most appropriate action and the resources
needed (time, staff. funds) for implementation.
The Strategic National Stockpile (SNS; formerly the National Pharmaceutical Stockpile [NPSD held a
2-day full-scale weapons of mass destruction (WMD) exercise June 17-18, 2003. The exercise was
cosponsored by the State Department of Public Health (DPH) and the State Emergency Management
Agency (EMA) with assistance from the US. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), and the US. Department of Homeland Security, Ofﬁce for
Domestic Preparedness (DHS/ODP). This exercise was the State's ﬁrst wing newly developed pro-
cedures to receive. distribute, and dispense SNS supplies in response to a statewide bioterrorism
incident.
The exercise included CDC delivery of mock SNS supplies to a central receiving warehouse in the cap-
ital city. The participating agencies coordinated the unloading, reapportionment. and distribution of
those supplies to two actual and four simulated distribution points. The Capital County Public Health
Department activated a temporary Dispensing Site and concluded emergency dispensing operations
for 5 hours, treating 600 role-playing patients.
Strengths
Key strengths identiﬁed during this exercise include the following:

0 The participants of all agencies at the State and local levels demonstrated excellent teamwork.

0 A new cooperative partnership was established between DPH and EMA.

0 The planning forethought demonstrated by State and local agencies in designing their SNS

receipt, distribution, and dispensing procedures was excellent.
0 The participating agencies successfully demonstrated an initial capability to manage a statewide
bioterrorism incident including the supply and operation of a temporary dispensing clinic.
0-1

