Electrolux Annual Report Analysis
E
As we fnd ourselves in a more favorable oommodty market. we

do not anticipate costs from raw materials to exceed the 2011

level bymorethan SEK Wm, withthe mejorityofthe impact in

the ﬁrst half of the year. During 2012, we wil dso see increased

costs for sourced produds and transportation. which makes it

even more important to be successful with our price increases.

Core appliances Floor care Professional products

Major retailers Mm rotate “apt cornpaitors

0 Sears ' Wat-Mat I ITW

- Lowe's - Target - Msntowoc

a Home um I Sous - Alimco

0 Best Buy

hhiorcomostlora Maorcompamrs

emrbod e Dysm

- Garters Boctric - TTI Group (Dirt Dovl.

0 16 Van and Htmr)

- Sernsunq - Basel
These are some very good examples about the competitive environment of Electrolux. They give us
enough information about the situation with major competitors. The acquisition of two former
competitive companie (the Egyptian Olympic Group and the Chilean CTI) is mentioned and outlined
as a big goal. They give a market outlook in general and what it means to the company in particular,
e.g. launching new products in Latin America, the improvement of the US market or the rising of
material prices in Sweden. So this information is both accessible and comprehensive. One only could
say that Electrolux might have gone more into detail dealing with this information by showing more
graphs and statistics with real numbers than Just writing a text about it. One reason why they might
not have done so is drawn in the conclusion.

Regulatory Environment

Effect of signiﬁcant changes in ownership structure

on long-term financing

The Group's long-term financing is subject to conditions which

stipdate that lenders may request advance repayment h the

event of significant changes in the ownership of the company.

Such signiﬁcant change could result from a public bid to acquire

Electrolux shares.

In fact, this is the only part whidm can be found in the annual report about the Regulatory
Environment. As also drawn in the conclusion, this should not be called "the bad” because there are
no more regulatbm than stated above. What has changed in the company is comprehensive and
accessible, which is very good. But on the other hand, as it can be repeated, this could have been
explained in a more detailed way.

Group 4, International Performance Management Page 2

