Dear ofﬁcer in charge,

Would like to bring to your attention to my unpleasant experience in WWOCity, Golden Village.

I have pre booked my tickets on Wednesday (4" of Oct) via the internet for the movie, Booking ID: 5391
Scoop, schedule on the 7th of Oct, 2:25 pm in the hall Europa, Seats K3 and K4 (The seats were central and
furthest from the screen),

Upon entering the cinema, realized that One of the seats K3 is an handicapped seat (it's an empty space;
meant for a wheelchair) The number tag for seat 4 & 5 is not available as well.

Puzzled, seek help With your cinema's usher, Andy. Andy Came back to me after his discussion With the
manager, Lynn to infomi me that it there was a system error which has hence assigned me with the handicap
Seats. Lynn has also mentioned that since have made the booking Online. The Seats should be What have
chosen and there should be a handicap sign shown during the selection. (Please refer to attached ﬁle. There
isn't any handicap sign shown and you can clearly see that there are only 9 seats for the last row while in the
theater there is an indication for 10 seats)

The Solution Offered to me Was: 1. Relocate me to another timing (with 430pm at the fourth row from the
front at the sides). 2. Reﬁind the Costng the booking.

With the inappropriate Seats, have no choice but to chose the latter as always pre plan the movies and choose
the seats early in order to have the best cinematic experience. What is the use of me making a booking if I
want a seat that does not provide me the best Viewing pleasure?

I stood up from my seats, left GW and left VivoCity.

My plan for the Weekend was suddenly disrupted. My plan to shop and dine in VivoCity with my friends
later in the evening Was Cancelled.

have been a fan of Golden Village and have always been impressed with her frill free internet booking
system. And I carry joy and excitement to visit Singapore's Largest Shopping mall, VivoCity on the 1" day
of her Opening.

However, was disappointed with the event that had taken place. Thus, would like to seek clariﬁcation with
the management on why did the error occur and would my reservation over her system in the future be still
reliable.

Regards,

Kenix Loh

