US. Department of Justice

Office of the Pardon Attorney

Washington, DC. 2050

January 15, 2016

The Honorable Sally Quillian Yates Deputy Attorney General US. Department of Justice 950 Pennsylvania
Avenue, NW. Washington, DC. 20530

Dear Sally:

I write today to resign my position as Pardon Attorney effective January 31, 2016.
have reached this decision because i am unable to carry out my job effectively, despite my intense efforts to do
so. I fully support and admire the Administration's groundbreaking and much-needed launch of the Clemency
Initiative and the possibility of justice it brings to so many deserving people. I have worked tirelessly since day
one to do all can to make the initiative a success. But given that the Department has not ﬁllﬁlled its commit-
ment to provide the resources necessary for my ofﬁce to make timely and thoughtful recommendations on
clemency to the President, given your statement that the needed staff will not be coming, and given that have
been instructed to set aside thousands of petitions for pardon and traditional Commutation, I cannot fulﬁll my
responsibilities as Pardon Attorney.

In addition, as you know, have been deeply troubled by the decision to deny the Pardon Attorney all access
to the Office of White House Counsel, even to share the reasons for our determinations in the increasing
number of cases where you have reversed our recommendations, believe that prior to making the serious and
complex decisions underlying clemency, it is important for the President to have a full set of views. For that
reason, I am encouraged by the commitment now to share the Pardon Attorney's recommendations and ration-
ale with White House Counsel, this will be important for my staff, who have considerable expertise on clemen-
cy matters; for my successor, and most important, for the integrity of the decision-making process.

As you may know, began my legal career with the Department of Justice, given my deep dedication to its mis-
sion and values. I have been honored to serve as Pardon Attorney and to work for a President committed to the
reinvigoration of the clemency process and the promise for justice that holds. But the position in which my
ofﬁce has been placed, asking us to address the petitions of nearly 10,000 individuals with so few attorneys
and support staff, means that the requests of thousands of petitioners seeking justice willie unheard.

This is inconsistent with the mission and values to which have dedicated my life, and inconsistent with what
believe the Department should represent.

1 want to be as helpful as possible during the transition process so would appreciate your letting me know
how might best do that.

